It's happening after all the suspense all my talking.
Yes.
We're finally going to download python on our machines now.
Based on what device you're using the installation may change but I'll provide videos for each one of
the operating systems so I'm on a Mac right now.
And if you're using a Mac or a Linux distribution you might have Python already installed on your machine.
What do I mean.
Well if you open something called your terminal.
So if I'm on my Mac and do command space and I type in terminal press center well right over here if
I type in Python and press enter you see that I enter something called a ripple or a read Val print
loop where I can type Python commands like print
and look at that it's working just like we had our reptile browser or Web site I can type Python here
and most Macs come pre installed with Python but you might notice something here.
Yep we're using python version to two point seven to be specific.
Now as we've talked about that is an older version of Python.
Ideally we want to install Python 3.
So we're gonna need to go to Python dot org and install the latest version of Python which is three
point seven.
By the time you watch this video there might be a higher version maybe three point eight three point
nine.
Now like I said a language is always evolving but what I'm going to teach you in this course is going
to work for any future versions of python so it doesn't matter if the numbers is a little bit off as
long as you're installing python version 3 or up.
You should be all good to go.
In our case we're on a mac so we're going to just click install and you can see over here that the package
is being installed.
I'm going to open it up and just simply run through the commands one to install click through.
Continue.
Yes I agree to the license.
I definitely read all that.
Yes let's agree and we're going to just continue and install Python if you want to hide your password
or your fingerprint.
That works too.
And you see that we're finally installing our Python interpreter.
All right.
There it is.
We have Python three point seven installed.
Now if everything worked as planned.
If I go back to my terminal and I type Python you'll see that you have python version three point seven
or version three or higher.
That's good.
No more Python 2.
Now depending on your machine.
Again this is why installations can get tricky.
You might actually not have this work for example in order to exit out of here we'll say exit and then
curly brackets you might have to type Python 3 and you'll see that you might have to specify exactly
the version because if you just do Python it'll be a version too.
Now if you encounter any problems installing python on your machine I will provide resources that you
can see attached to this video or you can ask questions in our disk or channel or our Q and A form but
it looks like we finally have our Python 3 installation on our computer remember we just installed our
interpreter and our virtual machine our C Python VM in order to write Python and then evaluate that
python code.
Good job.
Let's take a break and I'll see you in the next video Bye.